README.md, before:

Stopwords ISO
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso)

The most comprehensive collection of stopwords for multiple languages.

The collection follows the ISO 639-1 language code.

### Usage

The collection comes in a 
[JSON format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso/master/stopwords-iso.json) and a 
[text format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso/master/stopwords-iso.txt). 
You are free to use this collection any way you like.
It is only currently published on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/stopwords-iso) and [bower](https://bower.io).

```sh
$ npm install stopwords-iso
```

```sh
$ bower install stopwords-iso
```

```js
// Node
const stopwords = require('stopwords-iso'); // array of stopwords for multiple languages
```

### Contributing

If you wish to remove or update some of the stopwords, please file an issue first before sending a PR on the repo of the specific language.

If you would like to add a stopword or a new set of stopwords, please add them as a new text file on the repo of the corresponding language.

### Credits

All stopwords sources are [listed here](https://github.com/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso/blob/master/CREDITS.md).

Commit message:

update to json object with all the languages as properties

README.md, after:

Stopwords ISO
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso)

The most comprehensive collection of stopwords for multiple languages.

The collection follows the ISO 639-1 language code.

If you only need stopwords for a specific language, there is a [separate collection for each](https://github.com/stopwords-iso).

### Usage

The collection is in [JSON format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso/master/stopwords-iso.json).
You are free to use this collection any way you like.
It is only currently published on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/stopwords-iso) and [bower](https://bower.io).

```sh
$ npm install stopwords-iso
```

```sh
$ bower install stopwords-iso
```

```js
// Node
const stopwords = require('stopwords-iso'); // object of stopwords for multiple languages
const english = stopwords.en; // english stopwords
```

### Contributing

If you wish to remove or update some of the stopwords, please file an issue first before sending a PR on the repo of the specific language.

If you would like to add a stopword or a new set of stopwords, please add them as a new text file on the repo of the corresponding language.

### Credits

All stopwords sources are [listed here](https://github.com/stopwords-iso/stopwords-iso/blob/master/CREDITS.md).
